---
layout: post
title:  "New Job + Updates"
date:   2024-05-17 09:30:00 -0600
tags: rhythm-station weekly-update audio graphics
comments: true
---

# New Job

Over the past year I've been working on this game mostly solo. I've applied for a couple grants through that time, but didn't get any of them. So I'm at a point where I need to make some money again.
I've accepted a new software dev job that I'm starting at the beginning of June. There are some postives and negatives from this. It will sadly delay the game, but it gives me more time to come up with
ideas and polish things rather than just rushing the game out. I'm planning to still work on the game in spare time while working, but I'm not sure how much time I'll be able to devote yet.
I imagine I'll be pretty busy ramping up in June. As such, I'll be posting updates less frequently. I haven't decided yet, but it might be closer to monthly updates

# Section 2

I've started work on the second section of the game. I'm still figuring things out from a game design perspective here, but I've added a room for the section. It's a bit bigger than section 1 rooms and
is square shaped. I added a new wall laser obstacle to the room. The laser is rough visually, but it's functional. Here's a clip of the room:

<div align="center">
  <video style="max-width: 1000px; width: 100%; min-width: 300px;" controls>
    <source src="/assets/videos/blogs/new-job/level2-1.mp4" type="video/mp4">
  Your browser does not support the video tag.
  </video> 
</div>

# Hit Impacts

I wanted to add a bit more flair when you hit an enemy / obstacle so I've added so particle effects. There's also now some smoke when you destroy an obstacle and a shockwave that can hit enemies.

<div align="center">
  <video style="max-width: 1000px; width: 100%; min-width: 300px;" controls>
    <source src="/assets/videos/blogs/new-job/hit-particles.mp4" type="video/mp4">
  Your browser does not support the video tag.
  </video> 
</div>
<div align="center">
  <video style="max-width: 1000px; width: 100%; min-width: 300px;" controls>
    <source src="/assets/videos/blogs/new-job/ObstacleShockwave.mp4" type="video/mp4">
  Your browser does not support the video tag.
  </video> 
</div>


Weston